Team Bruh Written Report

1.  We used three algorithms in this final project — Dijkstra's algorithm, BFS traversal, and betweenness centrality. The followings are the analysis of each algorithm.   
(a) Dijkstra's algorithm: We used Dijkstra's algorithm to find the shortest path between any two airports. The input is two airports' IDs, each representing the source and destination. The output is a vector of strings that  represents all the airports included in this path. The shortest path here is determined based on the sum of weights of all the edges in this path, which is the total distance. We wrote three independent test cases to test the functionality of this algorithm. We built a simple graph that contained several alphabets as vertices and set random edges and weights between these vertices. Then we tested if the output matched with our expected output. 
(b) BFS Traversal: This BFS traversal algorithm is also used to find the shortest path between any two airports but this shortest path is determined based on the number of connecting flights. The input is two airports' IDs, each representing the source and destination. The output is a vector of strings that  represents all the airports included in this path. (Test cases description unfinished) 
(c) Betweenness Centrality: We used a for loop to iterate through all the vertices in the graph and calculate their betweenness centralities and find the vertex with the biggest betweenness centrality. The output of this algorithm is the name of the airport that we consider as the most important airport based on the betweenness centrality. (Test cases description unfinished)

2.  To answer the leading question of our project, we succeeded in carrying out the plan in ourproject proposal. We used the data set to construct a graph and used Dijkstra's algorithm and BFS to help us obtain the betweenness centrality of each airport. 
